Add additional note about mlr3.debug flag (#501)
mlr-org/mlr3book: book/basics.qmd

task_mtcars
```

:::{.callout-tip}
The task constructors `r ref("as_task_regr()")` and `r ref("as_task_classif()")` will check for non-ascii characters in the column names of your data.
As many ML models do not work properly with arbitrary [UTF8 names](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTF-8), `r mlr3` defaults to throw an error if any of the column names contains either a non-ascii character or does not comply to R's variable naming scheme.

> We generally recommend converting names with `r ref("make.names()")` first, but if you are feeling lucky you can also set the option `mlr3.allow_utf8_names` to true to relax the check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generally recommend converting names with `r ref("make.names()")` first, but you can also set the option `mlr3.allow_utf8_names` to true to relax the check (but do not be surprised if a model fails due to variable naming).
```
